I just know a little bit about it.
President Huang
You can do more with the liver
Is there something wrong with my liver?
I'm not sure about that either.
In short, there is no harm in regular inspection
Thanks for the reminder, little brother.
Here it is.
If anything happens, what?
Just find me
Including money and convenience, then thank President Wang
Ok, thanks.
Ok bro
You now have the royal family as your merchant.
Still worried about not making money
But I'm not talking about you.
Your attitude towards the imperial meeting just now
A little cold
Brother, let me tell you
Human favor, this thing should be reduced once and for all.
Relying on anyone is better than relying on yourself
I'm not crazy, you shouldn't be crazy either
Why did you suddenly change?
Who is crazy?
Haven't started yet
Jiangcheng antique art auction officially begins
Today's first lot is
A trendy landscape valley
Like price 50,000
Price increase 258
Auction now
100,000
120,000 150,000
Stone to shoot 200,000
How much money do you have on you?
Uh, 100,000
Are you crazy?
You can't pay for this once it's photographed.
Neither of us are leaving the auction today